Salesforce is customer success platform, designed to help you sell, service, market, analyse, and connect with your customers. Salesforce has everything you need to run your business from anywhere. Using standard products and features, you can manage relationships with prospects and customers, collaborate and engage with employees and partners, and store your data securely in the cloud. It takes all of that important data and organizes it into a simple user interface. It’s one place for you to: Manage all your contacts, Work with your prospective customers, Organize tasks and to-do items, Focus on the right deals, Collaborate with your team, Showcase your big wins, Close more business. CRM stands for Customer Relationship Management. This technology allows you to manage relationships with your customers and prospects and track data related to all of your interactions. It also helps teams collaborate, both internally and externally, gather insights from social media, track important metrics, and communicate via email, phone, social, and other channels. Salesforce provide solution for use cases in different department. Using CRM School Management System was developed after completion of the internship. The Management System includes three users principal, teachers and parents and two standard object dashboard and report. The principal has the permission to manage the system. Using Salesforce the data was stored securely in the cloud. It also lead to easy data management. Salesforce reduced the paper works involved in the school.
